Erico so they wallow in the mud to keep
cool as we've gone to larger more
specialized operations we see the
animals now really treated as more like
sophisticated machines than like other
living things
most of us have been in agriculture for
very long just feel it the hog factory
concept is the most inhumane way to
raise an animal that there ever was I
I'm sure that most of the people in the
country now have seen repeated pictures
of these hogs confined in steel cages
and concrete floors chewing on the
railings trying to get out and have some
freedom
raising a family of pigs and weaning
them out somewhere between 15 and 20
days and then going right back through
the cycle again being bred just as soon
as she will conceive and start through
the process of raising pigs again so
that we're just we're just working them
terribly hard is one of the things
that's happened along with then
attempting to get the median ascend the
animal and so forth while we've we've
made them more fragile as a consequence
of breeding hogs in that direction using
hogs in this way then we find that we
run into problems with hogs that have
foot problems or they have breathing
problems or they have tail biting and
things of this nature we've heard of
instances where death loss is as high as
20% and we we know that we are rotating
the herd probably at the present time we
will we will add near 50% of the herd
and you animals each year whenever they
have a turnover 50 % sales because
they're so badly abused I just sold some
sows this spring that was five and a
half years old and still producing any
movement that uses up energy that
doesn't turn energy into me they're into
into the hog askin seen as being
wasteful and so you move away from
giving a hog an opportunity to move
about and do the things that hogs
normally do we hear I'm squealing over
there a half a mile away we'd be over
haying or looking at cows a half a mile
away we could hear them squealing and I
don't mean the ordinary squealing the
one that just thinks it off to eat like
this ones are doing I mean the agonizing
screams hogs that are being chewed up
sometimes it almost sounds like a human
scream
it hurts it hurts me I hate to spirit
these animals we depend on for our lives
and before we eat them we shouldn't
torch them when we had a storm and
lightning not there electricity off and
messed up their computers or whatever
runs all the flushing systems and
everything ventilators they lost several
thousand hogs when those fans quit well
I mean all a lot is trapped in here that
there be no way anything could live in a
place like that they've got all kinds of
dead animals out here today John Deere
tractors they got bucket loaders they've
got that 32 put it or loading up for
their see their loans right now winds
blowing really hard out here so it's
kind of wobbling me all around so servo
their small little dead trucks that they
halter the dead facility over here I saw
certain limit exhibit which that's
nothing unusual I see that quite often
and that one big two-ton truck tandem
axle truck you could see dead hope
sticking out
I can hold my camcorder straight my arms
are tired and you can see the hogs
already had one loading on each side he
went you down hundreds and hundreds of
holes out here today they are living
things and they understand pain and who
wants to put anything in pain so
somebody can make a dollar when
something like this comes into community
even if it's accepted it tends to create
the illusion and now we have jobs now
the problem solved and in reality you've
just created more problems we took up a
petition two to one and asked him not to
come to Lincoln Township they told
everybody they did not go where they
were not wanted they basically just
snuck their nose at us looked us right
now and said what you gonna do about it
the fabric of this community the social
fabric has been torn forever and it'll
never be the same if these hog farmers
leave tomorrow all the animosity all the
anger all the hatred that's been created
by their being here will never leave
this community will never be the same
again used to people would wave at
everybody and now nobody waves nobody's
interested in how the other person here
you know nobody talks it did you talk to
her arguing about the pigs so you know
it it's it's not a very friendly county
anymore it is very important once again
that we do not exceed it except the
industrialization process the
industrialization of Agriculture as
something natural as something
inevitable as something determined it is
no such thing it is a plan okay it is a
plan for certain people to benefit and
other people to pay you know when it's
staring you in the face then you have to
confront it you know and you've got
three choices you can accept it you can
change it and you can leave it and
accept it and leave it weren't options
that I was willing to explore so you got
to try to change it I say the fighting
over here meat no going plate
we're always been dead we may smell like
it once they get your full dress we're
not dead it wasn't a battle that we
wanted her that we enjoyed but it's just
something that when you realize how
wrong it is you just have to stand up
say it's wrong
and thank you for helping support the
family farmers and it just tries to stop
factory farms in the Twilight I see her
blinds Brian the rain
when we kiss goodbye and hard
I knew we never beat again
love is like dying
and only a member will reach me me
through the engines I'll remember
blue-eyes crying in the rain